feat: Add exit/error signal (#22)
aziontech/azioncli-template: .github/pull_request_template.md

**What is the purpose of this Pull Request?**

> _Adjust some error handling on shell scripts_
> 
> **What was done to achieve this purpose?**
> 
> _Add the exit command in the end of azion-framework-manager call._
> 
> **How to test if this really works?**
> 
> _Doing the deploy with azioncli and receive the expected errors_
> 
> **Who can help review this Merge Request?**
> 
> _Who are the best people to review this Merge Request?_
> 
> **Is closing some issue?**
> 
> _No._

Reviewer: Actually we should probably keep this with comments, and fill when opening a PR right?
```suggestion
<!--- Fix issue xyz -->

**What was done to achieve this purpose?**
<!-- Describe the key points of implementation  -->

**How to test if this really works?**
<!-- Manual and automated tests that can be executed  -->

**Who can help review this Merge Request?**
<!-- Suggest with @ people inside the Contributors section  -->

**Is closing some issue?**
<!-- Yes/No  -->
```

Author: sorry, i misunderstood the usage of PR template. :)
